# 大作文
- Write about the following topic:
    - Some experts suggest people a method to solve the environmental problem is to increase the cost of fuels and all vehicles.  
    - To what extent do you agree with this point? and make comparisons where relevant. 
- Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
- Write at least 250 words.

## 作文内容：
Some experts propose that the cost of fuel and all vehicles should be increased in order to solve the environmental problem. From my perspective, it depends on the real domestic and international conditions for a specific country and the method mentioned above can lead to both benefits and some side-effects.

Environmental problems always affect more than one country and region as our environment has a sophisticated sphere structure on a large scale. Country is also a complicated and organic thing and has many sectors that affect each other. As a result, a single country's policy about the environment can have a chain effect both on its neighbors and itself. For example, increasing vehicle costs may open a door to the foreign auto company which can manufacture cheaper but low-tech-standard cars and can make the emission even heavy. As to the fuel cost, if it is increasing, more and more people tend to embrace electronic vehicles and some countries featuring the traditional car industry may suffer from this, though this may benefit the environment in the long term. So, police-making is an art of trade-off and we need to have a global view.

However, increasing the cost can be a good start. Increasing costs is the most explicit way to remind people of the importance of preserving the environment. No one wants to pay more money, thus they denying the commutation way with higher carbon-footer level naturally such as driving any vehicle alone. But in a background of global economic decline, this method neglects the personal heavy economic burden which will result in dissatisfaction towards the government and even social instability. If the government compensates for the side effects caused by this policy, there will be a bright prospect.

In conclusion, I partly agree with this method and the actual industry and economy mix need to be taken into consideration. If the government can achieve an elegant balance amongst sophisticated social sectors and try its best to protect its citizen's benefits, a widely appreciated ending comes.