# IELTS 17 TEST 1 
## Listening
## Reading
### Task 1
### Task 2
### Task 3
- get one's kicks from sth: 
  - 从做某事中获得乐趣
  - to get a feeling of excitement or pleasure from something 
- an outline of one's priorities
  - 优先事项的概述
  - a general description of the things that you think are **most important** in your life and the order you think they should come in
## Writing
### Task 1

The line chart details shop closures and openings in a given nation between 2011 and 2018. Looking from an overall perspective, it is readily apparent that both figures were in decline, though most noticeably the number of openings. After erratic trends for both categories, by the end of the period closures had become more common.

> - erratic trends: 不稳定的趋势
> - looking from an overall perspective: 从总体上看
> - readily apparent: 明显的

折线图详细说明了2011年至2018年间某个国家的商店关闭和开业情况。从总体上看，很明显，这两个数字都在下降，尽管开业数量下降得最为明显。在两个类别的趋势都不稳定之后，到期末关闭变得更加普遍。

The line chart details shop closures and openings in a given nation between 2011 and 2018. Looking from an overall perspective, it is readily apparent that both figures were in decline, though most noticeably the number of openings. After erratic trends, for both categories, by the end of the period closure had become more common.

> - Paraphrase what the bar chart shows.
> - Write a clear overview summarising the differences.
> - You might need another sentence for your overview.
> - a low of nums: n. 低数目、艰难时期 低点
> - decline: n. v. 减少降低婉拒
> - recovere to + 数字 恢复到多少
> - rise to a peak of + 数字

In 2011, there were approximately 8,500 openings in the country, significantly higher than the 6,200 closures. Over the next several years, openings dropped to a low of 4,000 and then partly recovered to 6,100 in 2014. Openings were more stable and rose to a peak of 7,100 in 2013 before reaching nearly the same level as closures in 2014.

在2011年，该国约有8500家开业，远高于6200家关闭。在接下来的几年里，开业数量下降到4000家的，然后在2014年部分恢复到6100家。开业数量更稳定，2013年达到7100家的峰值，然后在2014年达到与关闭数量几乎相同的水平。


In 2011, there were approximately 8,500 openings in this country, significantly higher than the 6,200 closures. Over the next several years, openings dropped to a low of 4000 and then partly recovered to 6,100 in 2014. Openings were more stable and rose to a peak of 7,100 in 2013 before reaching nearly the same level as closures in 2014.
> - Begin writing about the data for the first categories.
> - Make sure you compare as much as possible.
> - Vary long and short sentences.

After this point, closures fell dramatically to just 600 in 2015 before returning to slightly depressed levels and finishing the time surveyed at 5,100. In contrast, openings declined less substantially to around 4,000 between 2015 and 2017 and dipped to end at 3,000 precisely in 2018.

在此之后，关闭数量急剧下降，2015年仅为600家，然后回到略低的水平，并在调查时间结束时达到5100家。相比之下，开业数量在2015年至2017年间下降不那么显著，下降到4000家左右，并在2018年精确地下降到3000家。

> - Write about the final other parts of the graph 
> - include everything!



### Task 2

In recent years, a growing number of unwell individuals have begun to adopt the use of alternative medicines and treatments. In my opinion, though these can sometimes be effective, this trend is negative overall due to the superiority of modern medicine.
Those who support alternative remedies argue there is historical evidence in favor of their effectiveness. A pertinent example of this would be the popularity of traditional Chinese medicine in Asia. Many of their medicines and treatments date back hundreds or even thousands of years. Over that time, they have been tested and their effect verified in some cases. Contemporary health researchers are often able to later identify the scientific rationale but there may be remedies in use today that we still do not understand. This ignorance should not serve as a justification to question their overall importance.

However, the vast majority of viable medical treatment is modern. Scientists now understand more rigorously the underlying structures of cells, viruses, bacteria, cancers, and various other maladies. This has allowed for the creation of undeniably effective procedures such as surgery and the discovery of crucial medicines like penicillin. There is no doubt as to why these medicines work and therefore in the future, they will only become more refined and safe. In contrast, traditional medicine may be effective for unknown reasons but its applicability is limited and it will not advance over time.

In conclusion, with few exceptions, traditional medicine is a better alternative to less verifiable treatments and pharmaceuticals. Individuals can attempt to use them but should rely on their usual doctors.